the success of trolling fishing lies in
depth control abilities
lure wiring and maintenance
constant distance to the reservoir
if you don't use your downrigger
the bait can rise and forge off
water surface far from fish but when
you fish by trolling using
downrigger
your bait sinks to a depth where
there is a fish and held there
how it works
the sinker fastens the cable from the downrigger
fishing line fishing rod is held through the clothespin
pinscher foxes then rods inserted
mount downrigger
further you immerse downrigger im
bait at a given depth
depth sounder will show you how deep
to hunt predatory fish
and downrigger will let the bait down
to that depth and hold it there by
the least immersion weight stick cane rod
will bend
winding the fishing line on the counter downrigger
accurately indicates the depth of the dive
bait that allows you to run and
exactly where to wait for a bite
while your boat is going at speed
suitable for trolling
downrigger holds the bait on
given depth and allows her
moving in the water naturally some
the models yes won readers allow
automatically vary the depth
dive bait or hold it on
given distance from 1 as soon as the fish
take the bait clothespin pinscher not
hand over the bolt release the fishing line rod and
cane straighten up
take the rod from the holder and
start hauling fish on a hook and
success is in your hands
downrigger will let you master
controlled deep fishing
plunging the bait to where holod
shows the presence of mushrooms and holding
her there regardless of the speed of the boat
downrigger fishing success
trolling
or track an American company
who supplies leisure bow rider
and cabins and cruise boats aluminum
fishing boats and us we sell
boats in stock from our warehouse in
st petersburg and miami as well
We carry out orders for specific brands and
models
Thanks for attention